[Music]
this is a movie recap named bloodthirsty
it's a thriller horror movie from 2020
movie begins with a woman hunting and
eating animal she wakes up her name is
gray she is a singer she gets up and
look in the mirror as soon as she saw
she is bleeding and her eyes changed she
took medication
then she visited a doctor they are
discussing about hallucinations
they tried everything for now and doctor
think this is all made up in her head
gray is doing photoshoot for the
upcoming album charlie is her girlfriend
she is a painter
gray is a vegan so she is preparing a
special meal she is gonna work with
vaughn for the next album
when charlie checked him online he was
charged with murder gray said she
doesn't believe what is written in the
newspapers
they are going to meet him gray is
driving she lost her attention for a
second and run over the bunny
she is very sorry she likes animals and
because of them she became vegan they
arrived and vera comes to introduce them
there is piano and gray is playing
claire de lune
vaughn is impressed
he met and welcomed them in his house
gray is taking a medication before start
her mother died when she was younger
they started recording but gray is
making mistakes
she is not feeling the song like
something is holding her back
they take a break
his wife killed herself with a gun he
was frozen and couldn't help
his biggest regret is not finishing the
last album with her
von said he never leaves house and they
are first guests in many years
gray and charlie were a little bit
scared when vaughn pulls a gun in front
of them
charlie immediately wants to leave but
gray want to finish the album
her tooth fell out
gray is doing better now she has
inspiration for new music and vaughn is
helping with notes
he said to repeat again her part and
gets closer to her
telling she have something special
and to use that
they are working on a new song and she
is having same problem again
but this time von wants to know what is
stopping her and why she is using
medication
gray said she is hallucinating that she
is turning into an animal
von take her medication she will not
need it anymore
charlie is painting and she found her
medication in trash today
gray said she will do better without
them
they are having a dinner
but gray is looking at the meat and she
wants to try it for the first time
after dinner they are having a drink but
gray started feeling weird and bite bond
face
and she apologized for that that night
she wakes up and open a fridge just to
smell the meat
gray is showing her new music she has
been working on and charlie gets
emotional
she said since you got here your music
changed
vonn said he is still hungry
and he wants usual meal
then vera caught some women and vaughn
gets her he is sitting and laughing
while gray scratched charlie in the
meantime and taste her blood
she is looking again for meat but it's
not here
gray is going out in the woods
she killed and eats bunny while someone
was watching her
then she takes a shower
to clean the blood from herself von gave
her the lyrics from his wife last song
she didn't finish it and he want grey to
do it
he is saying do you want to be a
predator or prey and gives a little
mouse to kill him and gray did it
charlie wants vaught to get away from
grey he is having a bad influence for
her
she is packing her things to leave but
gray is not listening
she wants to finish her last song in the
moment she gets aggressive and attacked
charlie she is really sorry after that
and charlie leaves
vaughn admit he killed his wife
she was sitting in her bedroom holding a
gun pointing at him
they had a little girl his wife told him
she died to keep her away from him but
he found her
appears that gray is his daughter
charlie changes her mind and wants to
come back for gray album is complete
vaughn wants her to stay but she doesn't
agree and she leaves but they want to
bring her back
she is locked now and can't leave
he will be back in one hour and she
started transforming into a werewolf
while her music is playing in the
background charlie's car got stuck in
snow and she cannot move
someone is on her roof and attacked her
gray wakes up with a towel covered in
blood and also a shower avon is smiling
she leaves this place and there is
charlie next to the car
she is dead
vera is coming with a shotgun and grey
gets in the car vera is shooting
but grace successfully runs a car and
hit her she is going back to vaughn take
a gun with one bullet
this is the picture charlie has painted
she knew about her other side
vaughn said it was her who killed
charlie she wanted to kill herself for a
moment but she is pointing again at him
as he turned into a werewolf
and she killed him with one shot in head
her doctor is concerned about her but
she said she is fine
what happened in that house only she
know gray is performing her last album